hi I'm Carly and today we're going to
meet Twila we first see Twila the
daughter of the boogeyman when she's 14
in the video 13 wishes like most other
dolls Twila comes to pull bunch of
accessories she of course has heard all
stand and this one is black and these
things are adjustable for height she
also comes with this teeny tiny purse
which is a gorgeous dark purple color
and it has a mint green dreamcatcher in
the shape of a skull with a spider web
and spiders on it and this thing
actually opens but good luck trying to
get anything in there and Twila also
comes with a pet his name is Dustin and
he is a dust bunny the poor little guy
only has one eye ball but he is just so
stinkin cute and per usual she does also
come with a doll hair brush this one is
black to match her stand it has the
monster high school led on it along with
the Monster High logo on the handle and
since we are meeting her for the first
time she comes with her traditional
standard diary in the form of a
composition notebook and these things
are always a fun read because you get a
really good feel for the character like
what life is like for her at home at
school with her friends just happenings
and events and it's just such a great
way to read up on them and my favorite
part is the back in the about me section
where you can basically find out
anything and everything you want to know
about her now that we've got all of our
accessories out of the way it's time to
move on to my personal favorite part of
dolls which is the hair and makeup
choices so Twyla has this really
gorgeous mint green hair that is pretty
long and has a nice wave to it it also
has these dark purple and dark blue
streaks in it as well and her bangs are
straight across blunt bangs and
unfortunately they hide one of my
favorite things about her which are her
awesome aqua eyebrows these things are
so so cool in terms of her makeup she's
keeping it pretty simple
has a lighter shade on the lid with a
darker purple in the crease which she
also has on her lower lashline and lower
lashes her lips are a nice nude peach
color and they do have a tiny amount of
shimmer to them fortunately the camera
isn't picking up on it but I promise
that it's there Twila has a few things
about her that sets her apart from the
other girls the first thing being her
beautiful lavender skin tone which is
accented here at the bottoms of her
limbs by this gray silver hue her hands
are completely gray silver but as it
moves up her forearm it just transitions
back into that lovely lavender shade and
also down here on her legs there is this
smoky shadow a pattern that just ties
into her lineage another thing that sets
her apart is her stature she's actually
quite short now if i compare her to a
standard size doll like Laguna you can
see that Twila is just completely
dwarfed so she's a bit of a shorty
moving on the Twila's clothes she's
keeping it pretty simple and pretty
conservative in the sense that she's
really just sticking to her own color
palette since she is the kind of gold
that likes to kind of hang back in the
shadows and let things just play out by
themselves so you see a lot of this dark
purple and black and mint green
happening in her outfit you have this
dark purple shirt with a black collar
and black bow and has a whole bunch of
these little spiders running up and down
it and it is separate from the skirt so
this is a removable shirt and skirt
combo she also has this mint green belt
that has a skullet on the front along
with a little spider charm and a whole
bunch of these little spiders going
around the length this is removable if
you see back here there's a little knob
that you can pop out she has some
bangles on each arm this one over here
it's just some pretty simple ones they
have she has to lavender ones and one
black one and on the other arm she just
has another mint green skull
dreamcatcher logo it is super adorable
her scar
it is made out of a tiered black satiny
material that has this purple tulle
underneath and it also has some mint
green smoky little designs going on all
around the skirt now her shoes are
absolutely awesome there's this dark
purple with mint green and black that
totally matches up to her purse the
platform and heel on here have a smoky
shadowy design on it which you can see
throughout the rest of our clothing and
on her skin markings and there is a tiny
little spider just hanging off of one of
the shoe laces like the other girls
Twyla has some earrings and hers are in
the shape of a door knob which is really
nifty and just another cute little hint
to who her father is but my favorite
defining feature about Twila is
something that you can only see if you
decide to lurk with her in the shadows
BAM her eyes glow in the dark this is
such a cool cool feature I mean how else
is she supposed to see if she spends
more time in the shadows this is just so
nifty so there you have it that's Twila
from 13 wishes thanks for watching don't
forget to comment rate and subscribe now
you can watch another one of my monster
high videos or one of my friends videos
our pictures are always in the corner
like these four examples